# GitHubAPI567_HW4a

###Deliverable #2: Write a description of what you thought about when you were designing the code. What did "you" think was important to make it easy to test in the program. What are some challenges you faced during the assignment. 

While completing this assignment I was able to push my self to view it from a completely different perspetive than I normally would. The Assignment said to think about this code as a tester rather than a developer which is not a position that we as college students are not put in often. I have also found my self thinking this way now in my other software engineering classes and it has made me change the way I code as well as how I advise others. During this assignment I was thinking about the different aspects of the code that would need to be tested like all of the different use cases that could be accessed through the different information that could be pulled in through the GitHub API. Since I wouldn't be able to specifically test different github scenario outputs without creating a new github account and giving it different situations, I had to think about the areas of the code I could access through the testing platform. 

Some things that I thought were important to make makeit easy to test in the program was the way the input was passed in, I knew that that would easily be tested for, as well as if the program was seeing an error at any step. This is why I included try catches to be able to catch when an error was occuring. Other than that in general I just wanted to make sure all of the variables were dependant on the ID as that is the only thing I could pass in and not make it so I had to mock any of the set up with more complex testing. 

Some of the challenges I have face during this assignment focus mainly on the access to the GitHub API calls. I had no isue when I was going through and initially writing the code and I knew to be careful. However when I started writing tests I lost access pretty early in the process and kept getting errors because the variable assigned was breaking because it did not have access to the information passed in from the API. This made this assignment very stressful to complete within the deadline as well as very time consuming. Other than that another challenge I faced was being able to read through and get the information in a understandable way from the json returned from the APIand putting it together. The json was a list of dictionaries which if you do not see at first may be very challenging to be able to access specific parts of the json. 
